4.0
I am sort of a simple man, so I had never been to a liquor bar before. I have been to The Libertine twice and had a good experience both times. They use fresh ingredients all the way down to the crushed ice, which they crush with a mallet right at the bar. 

The biggest problem I ran into was figuring out which restroom was the men's. You have to look at the hair on the dimly lit pictures that indicate which is which, all the faces look the same.
4.0
This place has a great selection of anything you need, it's also very spacious. The staff is kind and quick, and I like that. They are a bit on the pricey side if you are purchasing hard liquor (which is why I am giving 4 stars instead of 5). If you are buying beer, or hard soda, the price is normal.
5.0
The attendant was extremely helpful,  we were looking for a fairly uncommon liquor and they had it. Pretty good selection, friendly staff.
4.0
Laurel Liquor is my Go To for alcohol. I have a Mobile Bartending Service Business, Pour It Up, and I can rely on Laurel Liquors to have whatever I need, at a reasonable price, for all of my specialty cocktails. www.PourItUpMobile.com
5.0
Michael is an awesome bartender! So personable and knows his drinks. The atmosphere here is great. It is calm and relaxing while still being enjoyable. I don't come to indianapolis often but I will be sure to come back here. Definitely enjoyable!
4.0
Liquor bar = a misnomer, but only kind of.

This place is a bar first and foremost: its selection of innovative cocktails spans pages upon pages whereas their food offerings span two. So, liquor bar it truly is, but amazing food it definitely has.

But: the bites are pretty killer, from what I experienced. For what they seemingly lack in a way of app and entree selection they more than make up for with the quality, care, and innovation of their offerings.

I landed after a long day of travel, famished. My lovely host, Brit S, picked me up from the airport, and after situating myself at the Conrad, we hopped the whole two blocks over to the Libertine.

(It should be noted that former Indy CM Jon A also highly suggested checking this place out.)

The space is long and lean, with a formidable bar set-up and bottles for days behind the bar. Bitters and fruit and tinctures and all that, you know the drill at this point. The "kitchen" is also behind the bar, and the whole thing is grey and low light and trees/antlers and candlelight and warm and really nice smells. It sort of reminded me of a less formal Hinterland (located in MKE). Employees rock the whole Stumptown coffee look, but they're not nearly as in yr face with it as Stumptown is.

Oh, yeah. I was telling a mildly entertaining story with linear progression, wasn't I? 

So: I was *famished,* and wanted nothing more than to start w/ one of their amazing cocktails, but knew I needed to put something in that stomach of mine first.

So... to the eats.

1. A beet salad starter which Brit and I shared. Goat cheese and spinach and beets and yup, you guessed it. So so good, as beet salads can be when they're done right. Then?

2. A chanterelle mushroom & fresh vegetable pot pie. Oh my god, I can't even. I love chanterelles, I love pot pies (secret favorite thing), so... you get the idea. Clearly handmade with fresh ingredients, I couldn't stop eating it. It was effing delicious. I was full, and yet, I kept eating. So so good.

The rest of the bites on the menu were on that whole gastro tip with an emphasis on the more foodie-focused. (God, I still hate the word foodie. I really do.) What I mean? I don't remember seeing offal or brains, but along those lines for sure. Marrow, elk, etc.

Anyways, moving on (and this is important). To the cocktail: our very attentive/sweet server and I talked through a myriad of offerings and possibilities, and after much ado about bourbon, we settled on a variation of Seelbach with a locally aged bourbon. It was absolutely perfect. Mmmm, Seelbach.
2.0
Prices are higher than other close by stores.  We decided to stop in and purchase an advertised (street sign advertisement) beer on a whim.  This would have been a good purchase but they didn't have it in stock.  Call it false advertising, bait and switch, or poor inventory planning as I stopped in a couple of days later and still no sale item.  This is not my first choice, rarely stop in due to the repeated nature of my concerns.  I assume they are less competitive due to their small footprint, so while I can accept higher prices as a result, the store should yank it's advertising if it can't fill orders.
3.0
Lovely charm w all black decor and funky mixologists that have serious bar equipment, sprays, exotic drink concoction doodads and leather bound tablet holding drink menu, my dear, this is jus a tad affected to be classic cocktails! This is edgy cutting edge vibe promising to be expensive n interesting. All tables were booked n empty upon arrival so we were shown to the bar for the performance snake oil fanfare. 99% of millennial swill squeal n text over this production....us! not so much. It interferes w conversation and is distracting n carnival like. We can empathize n believe dates that don't have much to say n are uncomfortable w their own company will flock like lemmings n enjoy the entertaining show. The food...bone marrow dish. Gnocchi w chicken n liver meatballs. Eatable but this is not a meal, nor cocktail food. Small plate or tapas? Hmmm 'Donnie, you are out of your element here'
5.0
This is not my neighbourhood liquor store, and I didn't just stumble in one day. I on purpose sought out Sherbrooke after it came recommended so many times by friends and acquaintances. 
The beer selection at Sherbrooke is seriously unmatched by anywhere I've been in the city (or in Calgary, where I used to live, actually). I love the way the shelves are organized, and how full they are! Whether I am searching for something annoyingly specific, or just kind of want to pick up a bunch of new single pints to try, Sherbrooke is always always the first place I think to look. This is also now a destination of sorts when friends and family are visiting. GONE are the days where we spend our days at popular Edmonton attractions. Now it's pho down the street, then beer shopping at Sherbrooke, sorry Mom.
I have also been told that they label their vegan wines, though I am much more of a craft beer girl myself so haven't really perused.
5.0
What is not to love about Sherbrooke Liquor Store... seriously the best selection of beer in town, as well as a pretty awesome selection of spirits as well.

The liquor store location is anything but ideal.  The surrounding shops are a bit suspect, and the area isn't one of the better ones in the city.  This is where my complaining is going to stop.  Once you walk into the doors, the staff are usually very good about greeting you.  The sliding door to the beer cooler is immediately on the right.  Bring your warm coat, it's cold in the cooler.  

The cooler is chock a block full of beer, some wine and sake.  The space between the shelving is very narrow, and usually there isn't enough room to even get past someone else.  The shelves are floor to over 6 ft and full of various beers.  They have done a pretty good job of grouping the different beers (ie: local, seasonal, pilsners, fruit/flavour, etc.)  There are a few tags on the various beers in each section that highlight staff picks and hidden gems.  Which is always welcome, as you get to try something that someone else thinks is a winner.  

The remainder of the liquor store (the heated part) isn't as crammed as the beer cooler, but still offers up a fairly big selection of different spirits and wines.  

Overall, Sherbrooke is going for uniqueness and not quantity.  The beer selection is by far the best in the city.  They also have a very nice selection of wines and spirits.  Some of the spirits can be had for less, if you are going for the more common ones, the ones that can be found elsewhere.  I've had several conversations with different staff, and they are all very helpful and will help guide you if you need assistance.   This is my go-to for beer.
